You know, the choice is to strap yourself to a rocket ship or to build your own,
you know, Mr. Elon built his own, literally with the rocket ship.
That's a difficult choice because, um, there's a world.
Actually. I would say something different,
which is Elon and others decided to sell PayPal for I,
not that much. I mean, how much was it about a billion dollars?
I can't remember something like that. Yeah. I mean, it was early and, um,
but it's worth a lot more now, right. To then build the new rocket ships.
So this is the cool part, right?
Yeah. If you are an entrepreneur and you own a controlling stake in the company,
not only is it really hard to do something else with your life because all of
the, you know,
value is tied up in you as a personality attached to this company. Right.
But if you sell it and you get yourself enough capital and you like have enough
energy, you could do another thing or 10 other things or an Elon's case,
like a bunch of other things.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know. Like I lost count at this point.
Um <laugh> and it might have seemed silly at the time. Sure.
Like if you look back, man, PayPal's worth a lot now. Right. But I don't know.
Like, do you think Elon like cares about like,
are we gonna buy Pinterest or not? Like, I just, he is, he created a,
a, a, a massive capital that allowed him to do what he wants to do.
And that's awesome.
That's more freeing than anything because when you are an entrepreneur attached
to a company, you gotta stay at the company for a really long time.
It's really hard to remove yourself.
But I'm not sure how much you loved PayPal versus SpaceX and Tesla.
I have a sense that you love.
Instagram. Yeah. I loved enough to like work for six years beyond the detail,
which is.
Rare, which is very rare you chose.
But can I tell you why? Sure. It's um, please,
there are not a lot of companies that you can be part of where
the popes, like, I would like to sign up for your product.
Like I'm not a religious person at all. I'm really not. Um, yeah,
but when you go to the Vatican and you're like walking among the giant columns,
hearing the music and everything,
and like the Pope walks in and he wants to press the signup button on your
product. Like it's a moment in life. Okay. Um, no matter what your persuasion,
okay. The number of doors and experiences that,
that opened up was it was incredible. I mean, the people I got to meet,
the places I got to go, um,
I assume maybe like a payments company is slightly different. Right.
But that's why, like, it was so fun.
And plus I truly believed we were building such a great product and I loved,
loved the game. It wasn't about a money. It was about the game. I.